very good What's up family How are you?
Well I hope you're having a
great day today I couldn't stop by
here but it wasn't because I didn't feel like it and
because I didn't miss you but
because Well you know that I have three
channels and I can't divide them all the
days the way I'd like and today I recorded
an interview for the main channel
Javi Oliveira probably while
you're watching this video Well it's
starting to premiere on the Javi
Oliveira channel okay it's a very
good interview the truth is that I've been
focused on it all day long
preparing it and I recorded it
after lunch and I absolutely loved it I mean
the truth is I loved it I already knew that
youtuber for a while he followed me
on social media and since this week he's
practically the star of the
week he had to be on my channel we
chatted with him he opened up
completely he told us everything he
had to tell in great detail
and honestly to the audience here who
like other types of content and
other topics I also recommend you guys
because it's very important what is
visible  in that interview okay
the topic is very important so likewise to
the audience that is here on
telesalseo I recommend if you want to
spend
tonight go to the main channel
and see the premiere of the interview if it has
n't been published while you are
watching the video it is about to be
published because the Editors
were already telling me that they were finishing
editing it okay So at any
moment it is hard I think it will
last approximately an hour or so come see it because it is totally worth it
and it is very nice tomorrow I will record
the news here because I
couldn't record today but I have news
reserved okay And tomorrow let's see I don't
think I will do live shows yes it is true that It's
good that we are going out a
little normally not us on the
weekends well
eh we usually hang out at the
malls and all that but well right now I
think things are going
eh To be better off quietly at
home and such no So I wouldn't rule out
that tomorrow at some point during the day
apart from the videos that I record and
so on that I will connect with you all at
some point during the night okay I have to
tell you something that  It just
arrived on Instagram okay, I heard about it,
throat funda well no,
a lady who was walking through the
center of Seville told me about it and she
found it and told me about it and I said
Well, I think I have to do my
job and immediately inform
people because if from the first moment I
was reporting on the rumors that there
were, the signs and so on, then this
information also corresponds to be
given on my channel okay
eh You already know that in recent weeks
Well, there has been talk of a
certain crisis in the couple, not in the
relationship between Olga and Agustin Etien, in
fact there were quite a few
signs, quite a few no and well the thing is that
what they leaked to me directly was
that they were completely sure that there was
a crisis okay, the sources that
gave me that
information, what they leaked to me was that there
was a crisis and that they were
sure of it okay In fact, to be
honest, I have to say that there are other
colleagues To whom
the information had also reached and I don't think it's
from the same sources as me because
for some reason well, I can completely rule it out,
but
the rumors of a crisis had also reached them
eh then he had the thing about the photo of Antonio
David and such okay I think that
Well I think that was set up
okay this is an opinion I can't
prove it but I think that was
set up I was there to well kick each
other and so on
and it has nothing to do with it because
really people relate or want to
make comparisons eh join one story
with the other and the
fact that there was a crisis has nothing to do with
Olga having a close relationship with Antonio I
see it has nothing to do with it okay I don't think it
has anything to do with it They have
things in common and they have a precious little girl
in common and hopefully all their
lives they will maintain a cordiality not
at least a cordiality at the very least
I hope that they can get along
spectacularly well as we saw in the
photo no but at least that there is
always a cordiality because that is very
important okay let's see the information
that I have to give you is that Olga
is currently having a good time with
several couples and friends and she is accompanied
by Agustín etien Okay and the two of them
look normal in their
relationship okay  lovey-dovey, being in a
good mood and so on, I don't think
that means it's a lie
or not. Look, I don't think it's a lie,
okay, that there was a crisis or that they've
had their ups and downs, I think there has
been something, okay, especially
because it has reached me on several occasions
from various sources and so on. Yes, I
also think that the fact that it was and it
reached us, well, maybe it could have
been a little bit on purpose or
whatever, but anyway, these are
my imaginations because I'm very far-fetched, okay. But if I
have to give you my personal opinion or
the impression that I've gotten, Well, I
do think that maybe they've had a
little bit of distance, maybe a
little bit of a thing, no. But
honestly, the truth is that now,
today in
particular, they are fine and they are together,
at least they are spending the weekend
together and they are here in Seville,
moving around in the good way, in the
places that Olga usually goes out,
although I don't exactly have hyper mega
confidence in her and know where she stops or
anything, but it is true that
normally and and when they have seen her
go out in the center  and so on it's always
more or less in the same areas and so on
then nothing eh if they've had
some kind of crisis then it's already
fixed okay if they have had it or maybe
well they haven't had anything and it
was all rumors but well the
current information okay that is of great interest to you
for Olga's followers and for
the followers of the family is that
right now eh they are spending the
weekend together according to what
a
lady that I love just told me I love the
source No or rather according to what
a lady just told me okay nothing she is a
trustworthy lady and she is simply a
follower of the Channel and they have come on she
told me that because I told her
but listen to me eh conchi no well conchi
is not her name Are you sure have you seen this and such Yes yes I have seen this this and this but Javi Javi says that I bumped into her that I crossed paths with her and we brushed against each other's jacket it's cold it's cold in Seville
eh I got off to have a coke
with my parents and we had to get
back in because we were uncomfortable from the
scratch I am very  cold you already
know that nothing I whatever it is well I
wish the best to all the members of
the family from Olga to Antonio
David and of course not eh to the children I won't
even tell you okay to roso flores and to
everyone okay nothing family tomorrow as I
said okay I don't rule out connecting
with you for a while although I also
tell you that on your
come and Saturdays You know that I don't usually appear there will be a weekly glass tomorrow night during the day I will try to do a newscast I send you a huge kiss I love you very much Thank you for the support and we'll talk okay we'll leave me your opinion in the
comments box on the main channel
jav oliveira subscribe too